# Understanding of a Convolutional Neural Network

## 1. introduction

This achievement has prompted both researchers and developers to approach larger models in order to sovle complex tasks,  which was not possible with classic ANNs.

The most import assumption about problems that are solved by CNN should **not hava features which are spatially dependant.**

Another important aspect of CNNs, is to **obtain abstract features** when input propagates toward the deeper layers.

## 2. Convolution neural networks elements

## A. Convolution

input: a figure, 32 * 32 * 3.

**Why convolution ?** 

1. assume that the network receives raw pixels as input, to connect one neuron, should be 32 * 32 * 3 weight connects.
   1. two neurons. 32 * 32 * 3 * 3 connection weight.
   2. 一层如果有32 * 32个神经元，那么连接的权重就有32 * 32 * 3 * 32 * 32.
2. a good idea: look for local regions in the pictures. 32 * 32 * 3 -> 5 * 5 * 3
   1. 同样的，一层如果有32 * 32个神经元，那么权重连接的个数有5 * 5 * 3 * 32 * 32
3. another assumption for simplification, is to keep the local connection weights fixed for the entire neurons of the next laryer.This will connect the neighbor neurons in the next layer with exactly the same wight to the local region of the previous layer.
4. So, it again drops many extra paramters, reduce the number of weighs to only 5 * 5 * 3 =75.

**benifits: **

1. the number of connections decrease (3 million to 75)
2. fixing the weights for the local connections is similar the window of  5 * 5 * 3 in the input neurons and mapping the generated output to the corresponding place. This is the reason why they called convolutions.

后续直接在pdf中标注了。







 

